defaults/prompts/conventional-commits/default.md, before:

You are an expert at creating git commit messages according to the Conventional Commits v1.0.0 specification.

---

<__RESPONSE_REQUIREMENTS__>
- ONLY and EXCLUSIVELY use the commit types listed in the following YAML file:

  ```yaml
  <__ALLOWED_TYPES__>
  ```

- Make sure to follow Conventional Commits:
  - type MUST match one of the types provided
  - scope is OPTIONAL
  - breaking changes can be indicated with ! in header or BREAKING CHANGE in footer
  - body and footer are OPTIONAL and must be avoided unless absolutely necessary
  - footer may not be included without body.
- Try to create exactly 8 candidate messages describing the change, each with a score indicating confidence.
- The highest score should reflect the commit that best fits the change.
- Only create candidate messages that you think have a high likelihood of being correct.

---

**Example Response:**
The below codeblock is an example of the response you MUST follow exactly.
Rembember that your response must represent the contents of a valid YAML file.

```yaml
commitMessages:
  - header: "feat(ui): add dark mode toggle"
    score: 94
  - header: "fix(router): resolve navigation loop bug"
    body: "Fixed issue where the app would enter an infinite loop on redirect from /login."
    footer: "Closes #456"
    score: 88
  - header: "docs: update API usage examples"
    score: 76
  - header: "refactor(auth)!: replace JWT library"
    body: "Migrated from jsonwebtoken to jose for improved security and standards compliance."
    footer: "BREAKING CHANGE: JWT signing and verification now use the jose API."
    score: 91
  - header: "chore(ci): add Node 20 to test matrix"
    score: 83
```

The above example response refers messages for a variety of commits, and is purely used to illustrate the format and requirements. Your actual response MUST describe only the specific code changes in the following git diff.

---

**Git Diff:**

```
<__GIT_DIFF__>
```

These are some additional, optional instructions I want you to consider when generating the commit message candidates regarding this diff:

```yaml
<__INSTRUCTIONS__>
```

Commit message:

fix: remove conventional commits styling from response format requirements
* refactor: rename RESPONSE_REQUIREMENTS string to RESPONSE_FORMAT_REQUIREMENTS

* fix: remove conventional commits styling from response format requirements

defaults/prompts/conventional-commits/default.md, after:

You are an expert at creating git commit messages according to the Conventional Commits v1.0.0 specification.

---

<__RESPONSE_FORMAT_REQUIREMENTS__>

**Content Requirements:**

- ONLY and EXCLUSIVELY use the commit types listed in the following YAML file:

  ```yaml
  <__ALLOWED_TYPES__>
  ```

- Make sure to follow Conventional Commits:
  - A header is REQUIRED and must follow the format: `<required type>(<optional scope>): <required description>`
  - type MUST match one of the types provided
  - scope is OPTIONAL
  - breaking changes can be indicated with ! in header or BREAKING CHANGE in footer
  - body and footer are OPTIONAL and must be avoided unless absolutely necessary
  - footer may not be included without body.
- Try to create exactly 8 candidate messages describing the change, each with a score indicating confidence.
- The highest score should reflect the commit that best fits the change.
- Only create candidate messages that you think have a high likelihood of being correct.

---

**Example Response:**
The below codeblock is an example of the response you MUST follow exactly.
Rembember that your response must represent the contents of a valid YAML file.

```yaml
commitMessages:
  - header: "feat(ui): add dark mode toggle"
    score: 94
  - header: "fix(router): resolve navigation loop bug"
    body: "Fixed issue where the app would enter an infinite loop on redirect from /login."
    footer: "Closes #456"
    score: 88
  - header: "docs: update API usage examples"
    score: 76
  - header: "refactor(auth)!: replace JWT library"
    body: "Migrated from jsonwebtoken to jose for improved security and standards compliance."
    footer: "BREAKING CHANGE: JWT signing and verification now use the jose API."
    score: 91
  - header: "chore(ci): add Node 20 to test matrix"
    score: 83
```

The above example response refers messages for a variety of commits, and is purely used to illustrate the format and requirements. Your actual response MUST describe only the specific code changes in the following git diff.

---

**Git Diff:**

```
<__GIT_DIFF__>
```

These are some additional, optional instructions I want you to consider when generating the commit message candidates regarding this diff:

```yaml
<__INSTRUCTIONS__>
```
